Add new `delay()` function to delay program execution (#69)
reactphp/async: README.md

mechanism:

```php
try {
    something();
} catch (Throwable) {
    // in case of error, retry after a short delay
    React\Async\delay(1.0);
    something();
}
```

Because this function only returns after some time has passed, it can be
considered *blocking* from the perspective of the calling code. You can avoid
this blocking behavior by wrapping it in an [`async()` function](#async) call.
Everything inside this function will still be blocked, but everything outside
this function can be executed asynchronously without blocking:

```php
Loop::addTimer(0.5, React\Async\async(function () {
    echo 'a';
    React\Async\delay(1.0);
    echo 'c';
}));

Loop::addTimer(1.0, function () {
    echo 'b';
});

// prints "a" at t=0.5s
// prints "b" at t=1.0s
// prints "c" at t=1.5s
```

See also the [`async()` function](#async) for more details.

Internally, the `$seconds` argument will be used as a timer for the loop so that
it keeps running until this timer triggers. This implies that if you pass a
really small (or negative) value, it will still start a timer and will thus
trigger at the earliest possible time in the future.

> The function is implemented in such as way that it can cancelled when it is
> running inside an [`async()` function](#async). Cancelling the resulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function is implemented in such a way that it can be cancelled when it is
running inside an [`async()` function](#async). Cancelling the resulting
```

Author: Updated as suggested :+1:
